

  United States users: note that the REED method is granted U.S. patent
  No. 6,366,873. Using it in the U.S. for any means may be illegal,
  and we can not take responsibility for it.  Hence we forbid anyone in
  the U.S.  from using the mdhreed code; if you are in the U.S.  and
  nevertheless do so, we do not take any responsibility for this.
  We also forbid anyone from outside the U.S. from transferring 
  rhe mdhreed to the U.S.
  
  We strongly recommend U.S.  users needing REED to instead purchase the
  REED code, http://bifrost.lanl.gov/~reed/reed.shtml, which is of
  comparable quality to our code but probably easier to use for Si.



This is a sample run for 40 keV As ion implated in the <110> channel of
crystalline Si, using PENR stopping and spherically symmetric charge
distributions for Si-atoms.  There is a 16.29 ≈ thick layer of SiO2 in
the surface. 

The parameter files are for simulation with "mdhreed" executable, which
uses a REED-like splitting scheme for maintaining the same accuracy in the
range profile for all ion ranges. 

The original REED method is developed by Beardmore and Gronbech-Jensen:

[B98] K. M. Beardmore and N. Gronbech-Jensen,
     An Efficient Molecular Dynamics Scheme for the Calculation of Dopant
     Profiles due to Ion Implantation,
     Phys. Rev. E 57, 7278 (1998).

and our implementation is first used in

[27] J. Sillanp‰‰, K. Nordlund, and J. Keinonen, Channeling in
     manufacturing sharp junctions: a molecular dynamics simulation study,
     Physica Scripta T79, 272 (1999).


The parameter files are:

param.in = all the key parameters
coords.in.1 = the first layer (SiO2) as a (16.29 ≈)^3 coordinate file
coords.in.2 = the second layer (Si) as a (16.29 ≈)^3 coordinate file
elstop.in.1 = ZBL-electronic stopping file as Stopping vs. velocity for the first layer 
stopping.in = Stopping vs. one-electronic-radius for the second layer, because we have 
	      set the elstop to 1 (PENR-model) for that layer. This file is calculated 
	      with density functional methods and is valid ONLY for the As-ion.
cdens.in = charge density (e/≈^3) vs. r (≈). This is the Hartee-Fock spherical-symmetric 
	   charge density profile for Si atoms, used by the PENR-model. This profile is 
	   taken from ZBL-book Vol.1.
reppot.0.1.in = The repulsive pair-potential part between Si and As atoms, calculated 
	        with DMol-package.

The .orig files and the output file are the ones that we have simulated (with just these 
input files) , so you can compare your simulations with theses files. 
